update create acc guide (#13429)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: public/content/guides/how-to-create-an-ethereum-account/index.md

# How to create an Ethereum account

**Anyone can create an Ethereum account for free.** You just need to install a crypto wallet app. Wallets create and manage your Ethereum account. They can send transactions, check your balances and connect you to other apps built on Ethereum.

> With a wallet you can also log into any token exchange, games, [NFT](/glossary/#nft) marketplaces instantly. There is no need for individual registration, one account is shared for all apps built on Ethereum.

Reviewer: :heart:

## Step 3: Open the app and create your Ethereum account

The first time you open your new wallet you might be asked to choose between creating a new account or importing an existing one. Click on the new account creation. **This is the step during which the wallet software generates your Ethereum account.**

## Step 4: Store your recovery phrase

> Some apps will request you to save a secret 'recovery phrase' (sometimes called a "seed phrase" or a "mnemonic"). Keeping this phrase safe is extremely important! This is used to generate your Ethereum account and can be used to submit transactions.

Reviewer: Any reason we switchd from single-quotes to double-quotes mid-sentence?

```suggestion
Some apps will request you to save a secret "recovery phrase" (sometimes called a "seed phrase" or a "mnemonic"). Keeping this phrase safe is extremely important! This is used to generate your Ethereum account and can be used to submit transactions.
```

**Any person who knows the phrase can take control of all funds.** Never share this with anyone. This phrase should contain 12 to 24 randomly generated words (the order of the words matters).

<div>
<InfoBanner shouldSpaceBetween emoji=":eyes:">
  <div><b>Wallet installed?</b><br/>Learn how to use it.</div>
  <ButtonLink to="/guides/how-to-use-a-wallet">
    How to use a wallet
  </ButtonLink>
</InfoBanner>
</div>

Interested in other guides? Check out our: [Step by step guides](/guides/)

## Frequently asked questions

### Are my wallet and my Ethereum account the same?

No. The wallet is a management tool that helps you to manage accounts. A single wallet might access several accounts, and a single account can be accessed by multiple wallets. The recovery phrase is used to create accounts and gives permission to a wallet app to manage assets.

### Can I send bitcoin to an Ethereum address, or ether to a Bitcoin address?

> No, you cannot. Bitcoin and ether exist on two separate networks (i.e. different blockchains), each with their own bookkeeping and address formats. There have been various attempts to bridge the two different networks, of which the most active one is currently [Wrapped bitcoin or WBTC](https://www.bitcoin.com/get-started/what-is-wbtc/). This is not an endorsement, as WBTC is a custodial solution (meaning a single group of people controls certain critical functions) and is provided here for informational purposes only.

Reviewer: An aside, would suggest we just follow the capitalization used on the bitcoin.com website for WBTC: "Wrapped Bitcoin"

```suggestion
No, you cannot. Bitcoin and ether exist on two separate networks (i.e. different blockchains), each with their own bookkeeping and address formats. There have been various attempts to bridge the two different networks, of which the most active one is currently [Wrapped Bitcoin or WBTC](https://www.bitcoin.com/get-started/what-is-wbtc/). This is not an endorsement, as WBTC is a custodial solution (meaning a single group of people controls certain critical functions) and is provided here for informational purposes only.
```
